# 2020 04 14 0900 Panel Call M

## ODG 

1. review del documento https://safe-together.github.io/specification/stories e analisi delle issue attive.
2. demo applicazione quarante di Keyless
3. identificazione di eventuali nuove storie/personas (tracing e altre)
4. valutazione della tecnologia da adottare per la certificazione degli immuni.
5. eventuali requisiti architetturali
6. suddivisioni dei compiti
7. next story meeting



## Action items

- ISSUE 1: editor must be defined => **Enrico** fa editor protempore in attesa che qualcuno lo affianchi	
- ISSUE 2: add short introduction about personas and personas categories ( max 200 chars) => **Michele D.**
- ISSUE 3: find license free icons for personas (svg if possible) => **Stefano Q.**
- ISSUE 4: could Maria, Giovanni and Paola be merged into a unique persona under the tagline "Medical Personnel"? => **g0v Core team**
- ISSUE 5: need a short intro to state transition => **Luciano B.**
- ISSUE 6: Marco is listed as an Immune volunteer but in these stories he takes the form of a regular citizen/patient => **g0v Core team**
- ISSUE 7: add stories about contact tracing domain => **Luca Mearelli**
- ISSUE 8: check the cross index => **Enrico**
- ISSUE 9: who certificates that Marco is Immune? => **SIA group** is going to figure this out (update stories adding more details)
- ISSUE 10: The antibodies test and the swab test are two different tests, hence the result cannot be immune. => **g0v Core team** (inconsistent story)
- ISSUE 12: Could this be § 3.2 US01: Marco is Tested (Antibody Test) => **g0v Core team**
- ISSUE 13: Could this be a duplicate for § 3.2 US01: Marco is Tested (Antibody Test) => **g0v Core team**
- ISSUE 14: The QRcode is generated upon onboarding or upon test result? => **g0v Core team**
- ISSUE 15: Should the volunteer have a specific certification that proves its status, or is the status just an information stored on the DB? => **TBD** g0v Core team?
- ISSUE 16: How the sanitary personnel are enrolled? Is it a metter of the application or someone else? => Not defined
- ISSUE 17: Does a test machine update the test outcome in real time on the db? If so, is it a matter of the application or the backend should provide a sicure call to update test results? => **g0v Core team**
- ISSUE 24: Dove sta il certificato? Sul device? In un pod solid? In un datacenter protetto crittografia omomorfica o multiparty computation? Da ISS? Su blockchain? => **TBD with core team and sia group**.
- **Luca Mearelli** prepara una bozza sui componenti
- **SIA** definisce alcune storie nuove user stories che delineino bene il ruolo di una CA e il ruolo dei vari attori nel contesto dei certificati